SEC Form 4

<table><tbody><tr><td colspan="2">FORM 4</td><td rowspan="2">UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP Filed pursuant to Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or Section 30(h) of the Investment Company Act of 1940</td><td rowspan="2">OMB APPROVAL OMB Number: 3235-0287 Estimated average burden hours per response: 0.5</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Check this box if no longer subject to Section 16. Form 4 or Form 5 obligations may continue. See Instruction 1(b).</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Check this box to indicate that a transaction was made pursuant to a contract, instruction or written plan for the purchase or sale of equity securities of the issuer that is intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c). See Instruction 10.</td></tr></tbody></table>

<table><tbody><tr><td rowspan="4">1. Name and Address of Reporting Person * Kress Colette (Last) (First) (Middle) C/O NVIDIA CORPORATION 2788 SAN TOMAS EXPRESSWAY (Street) SANTA CLARA CA 95051 (City) (State) (Zip)</td><td>2. Issuer Name and Ticker or Trading Symbol NVIDIA CORP [ NVDA ]</td><td rowspan="2">5. Relationship of Reporting Person(s) to Issuer (Check all applicable) Director 10% Owner X Officer (give title below) Other (specify below) EVP &amp; Chief Financial Officer</td></tr><tr><td>3. Date of Earliest Transaction (Month/Day/Year) 03/02/2026</td></tr><tr><td>4. If Amendment, Date of Original Filed (Month/Day/Year)</td><td>6. Individual or Joint/Group Filing (Check Applicable Line) X Form filed by One Reporting Person Form filed by More than One Reporting Person</td></tr></tbody></table>

<table><thead><tr><th colspan="11">Table I - Non-Derivative Securities Acquired, Disposed of, or Beneficially Owned</th></tr><tr><th rowspan="2">1. Title of Security (Instr. 3)</th><th rowspan="2">2. Transaction Date (Month/Day/Year)</th><th rowspan="2">2A. Deemed Execution Date, if any (Month/Day/Year)</th><th colspan="2">3. Transaction Code (Instr. 8)</th><th colspan="3">4. Securities Acquired (A) or Disposed Of (D) (Instr. 3, 4 and 5)</th><th rowspan="2">5. Amount of Securities Beneficially Owned Following Reported Transaction(s) (Instr. 3 and 4)</th><th rowspan="2">6. Ownership Form: Direct (D) or Indirect (I) (Instr. 4)</th><th rowspan="2">7. Nature of Indirect Beneficial Ownership (Instr. 4)</th></tr><tr><th>Code</th><th>V</th><th>Amount</th><th>(A) or (D)</th><th>Price</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Common</td><td>03/02/2026</td><td></td><td>A</td><td></td><td>57,100 (1)</td><td>A</td><td>$ 0 (2)</td><td>903,964 (3)</td><td>D</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Common</td><td>03/02/2026</td><td></td><td>A</td><td></td><td>49,560 (4)</td><td>A</td><td>$ 0 (2)</td><td>953,524</td><td>D</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Common</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>93,060</td><td>I</td><td>By Trust</td></tr><tr><td>Common</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>722,934</td><td>I</td><td>By Limited Liability Company</td></tr><tr><td>Common</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>4,000</td><td>I</td><td>By immediate family member 1</td></tr><tr><td>Common</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>4,000</td><td>I</td><td>By immediate family member 2</td></tr><tr><td>Common</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>451,498</td><td>I</td><td>Grantor Retained Annuity Trust 1</td></tr><tr><td>Common</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>451,498</td><td>I</td><td>Grantor Retained Annuity Trust 2</td></tr><tr><td>Common</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>2,032,048</td><td>I</td><td>Grantor Retained Annuity Trust 3</td></tr><tr><td>Common</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>271,592</td><td>I</td><td>Grantor Retained Annuity Trust 4</td></tr></tbody></table>

<table><thead><tr><th colspan="16">Table II - Derivative Securities Acquired, Disposed of, or Beneficially Owned (e.g., puts, calls, warrants, options, convertible securities)</th></tr><tr><th rowspan="2">1. Title of Derivative Security (Instr. 3)</th><th rowspan="2">2. Conversion or Exercise Price of Derivative Security</th><th rowspan="2">3. Transaction Date (Month/Day/Year)</th><th rowspan="2">3A. Deemed Execution Date, if any (Month/Day/Year)</th><th colspan="2">4. Transaction Code (Instr. 8)</th><th colspan="2">5. Number of Derivative Securities Acquired (A) or Disposed of (D) (Instr. 3, 4 and 5)</th><th colspan="2">6. Date Exercisable and Expiration Date (Month/Day/Year)</th><th colspan="2">7. Title and Amount of Securities Underlying Derivative Security (Instr. 3 and 4)</th><th rowspan="2">8. Price of Derivative Security (Instr. 5)</th><th rowspan="2">9. Number of derivative Securities Beneficially Owned Following Reported Transaction(s) (Instr. 4)</th><th rowspan="2">10. Ownership Form: Direct (D) or Indirect (I) (Instr. 4)</th><th rowspan="2">11. Nature of Indirect Beneficial Ownership (Instr. 4)</th></tr><tr><th>Code</th><th>V</th><th>(A)</th><th>(D)</th><th>Date Exercisable</th><th>Expiration Date</th><th>Title</th><th>Amount or Number of Shares</th></tr></thead></table>

<table><tbody><tr><td>Explanation of Responses:</td></tr><tr><td>1. Represents the number of shares earned based on the achievement of a pre-established operating plan performance goal during the Issuer's fiscal year ended January 25, 2026. The shares earned will vest as to 25% on March 18, 2026 and as to 6.25% of the shares every three months thereafter, such that the shares are fully vested on approximately the four (4) year anniversary of the date of grant.</td></tr><tr><td>2. The shares represent restricted stock units that were received as an award, for no consideration.</td></tr><tr><td>3. Includes 92 shares purchased pursuant to the Issuer's Employee Stock Purchase Plan on February 27, 2026.</td></tr><tr><td>4. Represents the number of shares earned based on achievement of a pre-established performance goal from January 30, 2023 through January 25, 2026. The shares earned will vest as to 100% on March 18, 2026, such that the shares will be fully vested on approximately the three (3) year anniversary of the date of grant.</td></tr><tr><td>Remarks:</td></tr><tr><td></td></tr></tbody></table>

<table><tbody><tr><td></td><td>/s/ Tina Ashcraft, Attorney-in-Fact for Colette Kress</td><td>03/04/2026</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>** Signature of Reporting Person</td><td>Date</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">Reminder: Report on a separate line for each class of securities beneficially owned directly or indirectly.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">* If the form is filed by more than one reporting person, see Instruction 4 (b)(v).</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">** Intentional misstatements or omissions of facts constitute Federal Criminal Violations See 18 U.S.C. 1001 and 15 U.S.C. 78ff(a).</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">Note: File three copies of this Form, one of which must be manually signed. If space is insufficient, see Instruction 6 for procedure.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">Persons who respond to the collection of information contained in this form are not required to respond unless the form displays a currently valid OMB Number.</td></tr></tbody></table>